Speaker 0: Good morning, sir.
Speaker 0: Good morning. Please have your seat.
Speaker 0: Thank you, sir.
Speaker 0: My name is James Anderson.
Speaker 0: I am the CEO of this company.
Speaker 0: My name is Jennifer Hudson.
Speaker 0: It's nice to meet you, sir.
Speaker 0: How are you doing, Jennifer?
Speaker 0: Yes, I'm good sir.
Speaker 0: okay, Jennifer
Speaker 0: Tell me about yourself.
Speaker 0: first of all,
Speaker 0: thank you very much for giving me an opportunity to introduce myself.
Speaker 0: My name is Jennifer Hudson.
Speaker 0: I'm basically from Texas.
Speaker 0: But I stay in Cambridge.
Speaker 0: I am a become graduate.
Speaker 0: Now, I am pursuing MBA from Harvard University.
Speaker 0: I have two years experience in human resources.
Speaker 0: My father name is John Walker.
Speaker 0: He is a professor of Harvard University.
Speaker 0: My mother name is Nancy. Grace.
Speaker 0: She's a writer.
Speaker 0: My hobbies are reading books, cooking.
Speaker 0: Listening to music and traveling.
Speaker 0: What is your strength?
Speaker 0: My strengths are. I am honest.
Speaker 0: Self-motivated and hard-working.
Speaker 0: I'm confident about my work.
Speaker 0: What is your weakness?
Speaker 0: My weaknesses.
Speaker 0: I will not feel comfortable.
Speaker 0: if I'm not completing the work within the given time,
Speaker 0: what are your career goals?
Speaker 0: My short-term goal is to get a job and repeated company.
Speaker 0: Where I can utilize my skills and improve my career path.
Speaker 0: My long-term goal is to be in respectable position in that organization.
Speaker 0: Are you married or unmarried?
Speaker 0: I married.
Speaker 0: Where do you see yourself in five years?
Speaker 0: After five years, I would like to see myself in a good position.
Speaker 0: Okay, thank you.
Speaker 0: Okay, thank you.
Speaker 1: Good morning, sir. Good morning. Please have your seat. Thank you, sir. My name is James Anderson. I am the CEO of this company. My name is Jennifer Hudson. It's nice to meet you, sir. How are you doing, Jennifer? Yes, I'm good sir. okay, Jennifer Tell me about yourself. first of all, thank you very much for giving me an opportunity to introduce myself. My name is Jennifer Hudson. I'm basically from Texas. But I stay in Cambridge. I am a become graduate. Now, I am pursuing MBA from Harvard University. I have two years experience in human resources. My father name is John Walker. He is a professor of Harvard University. My mother name is Nancy. Grace. She's a writer. My hobbies are reading books, cooking. Listening to music and traveling. What is your strength? My strengths are. I am honest. Self-motivated and hard-working. I'm confident about my work. What is your weakness? My weaknesses. I will not feel comfortable. if I'm not completing the work within the given time, what are your career goals? My short-term goal is to get a job and repeated company. Where I can utilize my skills and improve my career path. My long-term goal is to be in respectable position in that organization. Are you married or unmarried? I married. Where do you see yourself in five years? After five years, I would like to see myself in a good position. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you.
