Once Upon a Midnight dreary, while I pondered weak and weary Over many, a quaint and curious volume of Forgotten lore. Well, I nodded nearly napping suddenly. There came a tapping. Has some gently rapping rapping at my chamber door. Tis, some visitor, I muttered tapping at my chamber door, only this and nothing more. Distinctively. I remember was Bleak December and each separate dying, Ember wrought its ghost upon the floor. You going to lie? I wish tomorrow Bailey has sought to borrow from my books. Surcease of Sorrow sorrow for the last Lenoir for the rare and radiant Maiden whose Angels named Eleanor. Nameless here, forever, forever more. and the silken sad on certain rustling of each purple card in thirty me, fill me with fantastic Terrors, never felt before so that now To steal the reading of my heart. I stood repeating this, some visitor entering entrance, at my chamber door. Some late visitor, entreating entrance at my chamber door, this is it and nothing more. Presently my soul, grew stronger, hesitating them, no longer Cersei, die or Madam, truly your forgiveness, I am for. But the fact is, I was napping and so gently you can wrapping it's open. When you came tapping. Tapping at my chamber door that are scares, was sure. I hurt you. Here are open wide the door. Darkness, there and nothing more. Deep into the darkness peering long. I stood there wondering. I'm doubting Dreaming Dreams. No mortal ever. Dared to dream before. But the silence was broken in the Stillness. Gave no token and the only War there spoken was a whisper word Lenore this, a whisper and an echo murder back to work. Lenore you leave this in acting more back into the chamber. Turning, all my soul within me burning. Soon again, I heard a tapping somewhere louder than before. Shirley said, I surely there is something at my window. Lattice, let me see them. What there is and this is mr. Explorer. Let my heart be still a moment and this mystery explore Tis. The wind and nothing more. Open here, I flung the sugar. When we made me flirt in Florida, in their step, the stately Raven of the saintly days of yore, nor the least of C-sections may, he not a minister birthday, he will. We meaning of Lord or lady perch above my chamber. Door perch upon a bust of Pallas, just about my chamber door perch and sat in the thing more.